you
hi I'm Randy Vance this is the Monterey
264 FS this is the yacht like bowrider
it's a great day boat it's got plenty of
room for all your friends conveniences
to make it fun and it performs like a
champ we're going to walk you through it
right after the results of our
performance testing from earlier today
our test boat was equipped with a 350
mag mpi catalyzed engine the Bravo 3
drive had a 2.22 one gear ratio our prop
sets were 24 inches in stainless steel
with a test load of 20 gallons of fuel
and 400 pounds of passengers we reached
a wide open throttle speed of forty six
point four miles per hour at 5,000 RPM
we tipped over to plain 4.7 seconds and
we reached 30 miles per hour in eight
point nine seconds now this is the
custom-made helm of the 264 got a nice
array of instruments here and they're
easy to see over the three spoke Italian
racing wheel I like the fact that the
binnacle is right here you've got an
elbow rest here an arm rest for your arm
and there's a really comfortable
relationship between the helm and the
gear shift gives you a lot of control
and confidence now they're the first to
use the fusion stereo system and this
rectangular remote control is made
specifically for Monterey to match the
faceted lines of this boat now the helm
is finished off with a swivel bucket
seat that's got a flip-up bolster that's
a really nice arrangement giving you a
nice view over the windshield for
docking now to keep all your passengers
refreshed Monterey is built in this
awesome galley there's a granite like
surface on the top of it it's fiddled
with a stainless steel rail to keep
things on it while your boat is moving
around in the waves there's stainless
steel cold water faucet here with its
own fresh water supply and access to the
waste basket and storage locker right
there I like the way they've got
cupholders arranged here and to hold
your refreshments you've got both a port
and starboard cooler that can be lifted
out carried up to the house to be stock
and charged with ice now the l-shaped
lounge here is really nicely done i like
all the contour
here they're giving you a secure ride in
a comfortable ride you got leg bolsters
here you've also got nice accents sewn
in not enough to heat up the vinyl but
enough to give it a really nice look one
thing that Monterey is famous for is the
treatment of their transom seating and
the way this is made flip this bolster
back and you've got a nice a facing
lounge flip it again and you've got a
full Sun pad that's a great arrangement
and a great place to take a nap now
here's a great feature it's the
walkthrough transom I really like this
hatch that opens the way to it once
you're out here you've got an enormous
storage locker to the port side and a
boarding ladder to the starboard side
it's long enough and deep enough to give
you easy egress back into the boat as
you come walking back in you've got a
remote control for the fusion stereo and
you can operate that without ever even
climbing back in the boat now the
wakeboard arch on r2 64 FS is optional
you can also get the fsx package which
includes the teak finish see deck on the
platform the black gel coat colors which
are gel coated in you also get the
stainless steel package which includes
pull up cleats and the bow rails on this
boat as a standard feature and you get
the MSX graphics and together it'll make
the wakeboarder in your family feel like
he's on the right boat now you can see
that there's an enormous amount of
seating in the 264 we haven't even
talked yet about this bow area there's
plenty of room here for two people to
lounge with their feet forward or maybe
four or five can sit in a conversation
pit and relax and enjoy these bolstered
side rests and the heavy headrests here
there's plenty of storage under the
seats and this boat is equipped with
monterreys windlass to make deploying
the anchor a snap now with all these
passengers on board monterrey wanted
everybody to be comfortable so they
included this head compartment that
includes a flushing head and a sink with
a granite light countertop and a shower
it's a really nice arrangement
the Monterey 264 FS is ready to handle
any size crew add the MSX package and it
will do it with just a little bit more
panache
you